NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          4h36m
pod/prometheus-grafana-9c6df7bf8-52dzz                       3/3     Running   0          4h36m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-76f97d6dd-zp9p6      1/1     Running   0          4h36m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-57796b987b-t4skw           1/1     Running   0          4h36m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          4h36m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-75cwn                1/1     Running   0          4h36m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   4h36m
service/prometheus-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.100.154.92    <none>        80/TCP                       4h36m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.96.154.234    <none>        9093/TCP                     4h36m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.101.193.199   <none>        443/TCP                      4h36m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.110.217.237   <none>        9090/TCP                     4h36m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.101.237.194   <none>        8080/TCP                     4h36m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     4h36m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.98.48.59      <none>        9100/TCP                     4h36m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   4h36m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           4h36m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           4h36m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           4h36m

NAME                                                            DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-9c6df7bf8                    1         1         1       4h36m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-76f97d6dd   1         1         1       4h36m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-57796b987b        1         1         1       4h36m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     4h36m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     4h36m
